All right everybody let's keep going.
What else can we do to this page to make it look more like this one.
Well I want the text uppercase here.
You can see over here that this is all in capitals.
This is not I mean I could change this if I want to capital letters.
I can also add a style to make everything uppercase but there's also a another useful one that comes
with bootstrap.
I can actually add a class
and use a class and bootstrap called text dash uppercase if I save this and refresh.
Look at that.
Everything is upper case.
That's awesome.
Now what about the bun.
Let's add some bootstrap styling to the buns again.
Let's say you don't know how to add bootstrap styles or you don't know the classes.
We can always go to the documentation and search funds.
There we go.
We see that we have some bonding classes that we can use in our case.
Let's use this one.
One primary so I'm going to copy comeback and with this button.
Let's give it a class of 1 primary.
If I save and refresh Hey look at that we have a bootstrap one already.
That's really really cool.
But you know what I want to have a different color right.
I want the bun to look more like this.
Something nicer so we can add our own custom CSX.
Let's call this class bun.
Max out for extra large button and this isn't a bootstrap class.
If I save this and refresh nothing will happen.
Instead we can create this button Excel right here in our own style sheet.
So let's say bun or dot button tacks L is going to be let's make this a little bit bigger is going to
have padding of let's say one hour yam on the sides and to our Yum.
Top bottom.
If I refreshes.
That's better.
That's a lot bigger.
So we have an extra large but now we can add sizes or we can add different properties here.
But since we named this class one excel we should just leave it the way it's describing things that
is to make the bun larger so instead let's just modify the existing classes that we have which is the
bun and bun primary.
So if I go back here we can say that the bun.
Class will have a font weight of let's say seven hundred and a border radius.
That is to make the edges more circular.
And we'll give it three hundred pixels.
If I say this and refresh.
Mm hmm.
That's a lot better.
I like that.
And I want this capitalized as well and I could use the
text uppercase class as we've seen before or I can just in here say text transform and just say uppercase.
So just to use a CSX class five refresh.
Mm hmm.
That looks really really nice.
Now let's keep going here.
Let's add a another class here which is button primary.
So we're just adding on to the bootstrap styles that we have and we'll just give it a background color
of what should we do.
Well if we go back to this page again we inspect right here by hovering and we click we see over here
as we scroll down what color we're using over here.
Let's see
whereas the color.
Let's see.
Oh there it is right here.
So I'm going to copy the color added here if I hit save and refresh.
Hey look at that.
That's really really nice.
But one thing you'll notice is that the border over here if we scroll or zoom in you see that the border
has a bit of blue and that's default for the bootstrap theme so instead let's add a border as well.
So call it border color and give it the same color.
If I refresh that's much better although now we're hovering and it's turning blue.
That's OK but I don't like it.
Let's make it hover so it's still orange but maybe a little bit darker orange.
So what can we do here.
Again we've seen this before.
We can just say button primary calling hover and in here we can just add background color to be something
a little bit different than this.
In this case we're going to use a color that is E for B 0 8.
Don't worry I didn't memorize this.
This is just something that while I knew that I used when I made this Web site first.
So don't worry you never need to memorize hex colors.
Next we'll do the same for the border color.
So once again we'll make the border color the same as we have here.
That's great.
I also want to increase the border width actually to just make it a little bit bigger when we hover
over it.
So let's just give it an extra four pixels and let's say Phi refresh and hover and look at that.
That's awesome so that's looking really really nice.
So we have the button.
It's looking pretty good.
We have our header.
That's looking pretty great as well.
The other thing I want to add is this little line here just to give it a little extra flair to the page
and we can use something called an H R here or a horizontal line.
So the H R tag which we can just put in between.
So let's say H R is a horizontal line.
So if I refresh here I don't know if you can see it.
Well because it's dark.
But let's add some styling to it.
So let's say in here that we want the chars on our page to have a border color of the orange that we've
had before which is this one over here.
So let's say border color is this fly safe and refreshed.
All right.
Look at that.
There's our little line.
It's a little thin though so let's add a bit of sizing.
So I'll say border
with and give it let's say three pixels.
And if I refresh.
All right.
That's getting bigger.
That's good.
But I don't want this to be the entire page.
I only want it a little bit just like we see it here.
So we have a CSX property here that we can use called Max width which as the name suggests tells us
exactly what's the maximum width of this thing.
In our case let's say sixty five pixels.
So if I say this and refresh that's much better all right.
We're making progress here but there is an issue right.
Right now we have the content that we want but it's all all over the place.
It's kind of ugly isn't it.
We want everything centered maybe around this laptop over here and this is where bootstrap really shines
so let's figure that out in the next video.